Change multicluster and CNI instructions to use istioctl (#5273)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/install/multicluster/gateways/index.md

* Two or more Kubernetes clusters with versions: {{< supported_kubernetes_versions >}}.

> * Authority to deploy the [Istio control plane using Istioctl](/docs/setup/install/kubernetes/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Authority to [deploy the Istio control plane](/docs/setup/install/operator/)
```

            --from-file=@samples/certs/cert-chain.pem@
        {{< /text >}}

    * Install Istio:

        {{< text bash >}}
        $ istioctl manifest apply \

>             -f @install/kubernetes/operator/examples/multicluster/istio-gateway.yaml@

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            -f install/kubernetes/operator/examples/multicluster/istio-gateway.yaml
```
Remove the @ wrapper, for now, because the file doesn't exist yet, so it breaks lint.
